00 - Setup/english.md, before:

# Welcome!
In the next section we are going to code ourselves a nice snowman.

![processing-snowman](/Assets/processing-snowman.png)

But before we can get to that we have some setup to do!

# MacOS Setup
First we need to download Processing, a simple coding editor that uses Java!

Head over to https://processing.org and download the Mac version of Processing.

![proc download mac](/Assets/proc-download-mac.png)

Now open the zip file in downloads and unzip it.

![mac downloads proc app](/Assets/mac-downloads-proc-app.png)

Now just drag the app into your applications folder!

![mac proc app drag to applications](/Assets/mac-proc-app-drag-to-applications.png)

Now you are ready to go!

# Windows Setup
When coding you are going to have to navigate the folders and files of Windows. Historically navigating the Windows file system has been hard. This is mostly the fault of File Explorers difficult UI.

Instead of using File Explorer we are going to download a much nicer file manager called "Files".

(nicer file manager)
![nice file manager](/Assets/files-app-home.png)

To download Files go to https://files.community/ and click the download button.

Once you get the Files app open reomve File Explorer from the taskbar since we will be using the new Files app instead.

Start by right clicking (or double clicking) on File Explorer in the taskbar, and select "Unpin from taskbar".

![taskbar unpin file explorer](/Assets/taskbar-unpin-file-explorer.png)

Now pin the new Files app to the taskbar so you can easily access it.

![taskbar pin new files app](/Assets/taskbar-pin-new-files-app.png)

## Setup Processing (Windows)
Now lets download our coding editor!

Head over to https://processing.org and download the windows version.

![processing download for windows](/Assets/proc-download-windows.png)

When ready to save the file, select our new Files app, and make sure to check the option "Always use this app to open .zip files."

![windows download select](/Assets/windows-download-select.png)

Now you'll see the downloaded file! Lets change our layout to the column layout.

![files app column layout windows](/Assets/files-app-column-layout.png)

Right click the file we downloaded (it should have the word "processing" in it) and select "Extract to processing-4.0b7-windows-x64" and wait a fwew seconds for it to load.

![windows extract files](/Assets/windows-extract-files.png)

Now select the zip file and delete **twice**.
- The first time deletes the contents of the zip file
- The second time will delete the zip folder itself

![windows delete zip](/Assets/windows-delete-zip.png)

Now find the processing.exe file and drag and drop it onto taskbar.

![windows taskbar processing](/Assets/windows-taskbar-processing.png)

And you are good to go!

Commit message:

updated explanation for setting up files app

00 - Setup/english.md, after:

# Welcome!
In the next section we are going to code ourselves a nice snowman.

![processing-snowman](/Assets/processing-snowman.png)

But before we can get to that we have some setup to do!

# MacOS Setup
First we need to download Processing, a simple coding editor that uses Java!

Head over to https://processing.org and download the Mac version of Processing.

![proc download mac](/Assets/proc-download-mac.png)

Now open the zip file in downloads and unzip it.

![mac downloads proc app](/Assets/mac-downloads-proc-app.png)

Now just drag the app into your applications folder!

![mac proc app drag to applications](/Assets/mac-proc-app-drag-to-applications.png)

Now you are ready to go!

# Windows Setup
When coding you are going to have to navigate the folders and files of Windows. Historically navigating the Windows file system has been hard. This is mostly the fault of File Explorers difficult UI.

Instead of using File Explorer we are going to download a much nicer file manager called "Files".

(nicer file manager)
![nice file manager](/Assets/files-app-home.png)

To download Files go to https://files.community/ and click the download button.

Once you get the Files app open reomve File Explorer from the taskbar since we will be using the new Files app instead.

Start by right clicking (or double clicking) on File Explorer in the taskbar, and select "Unpin from taskbar".

![taskbar unpin file explorer](/Assets/taskbar-unpin-file-explorer.png)

Now pin the new Files app to the taskbar so you can easily access it.

![taskbar pin new files app](/Assets/taskbar-pin-new-files-app.png)

## Setup Processing (Windows)
Now lets download our coding editor!

Head over to https://processing.org and download the windows version.

![processing download for windows](/Assets/proc-download-windows.png)

When ready to save the file, select our new Files app, and make sure to check the option "Always use this app to open .zip files."

![windows download select](/Assets/windows-download-select.png)

Now you'll see the downloaded file! Lets change our layout to the column layout.

![files app column layout windows](/Assets/files-app-column-layout.png)

To make sure we always use the column layout open setting by clikcing hte gear in the top right. GO to Preferences > Files and Folders > and the last option "Enable individual preferences for individual directories" and make sure that it is turned off.

![files app column always](/Assets/files-app-column-always.png)

Right click the file we downloaded (it should have the word "processing" in it) and select "Extract to processing-4.0b7-windows-x64" and wait a fwew seconds for it to load.

![windows extract files](/Assets/windows-extract-files.png)

Now select the zip file and delete **twice**.
- The first time deletes the contents of the zip file
- The second time will delete the zip folder itself

![windows delete zip](/Assets/windows-delete-zip.png)

Now find the processing.exe file and drag and drop it onto taskbar.

![windows taskbar processing](/Assets/windows-taskbar-processing.png)

And you are good to go!
